{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh9520\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Privacy Policy & Terms and Conditions
\f1\b0 \
\
Last updated on June 13, 2021.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 In short: We don\'92t want to know anything about you, unless of course you contact us yourself (email below). We don\'92t track individual users in any way. We don\'92t use intermediary servers, your requests are directly passed to the third party weather provider. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
This Privacy Policy is designed to tell you about the Weather app\'92s practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information that the Weather app (or \'93App\'94) and/or its third-party weather provider collect. Data collected through your use of the App is governed by this Privacy Policy.\
\
By accessing or using the Weather app, you consent to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. We may revise these terms of service at any time without notice. Your continued use of this App constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and any modifications or updates thereto.\
\
The weather forecasts in the App are provided on an AS-IS basis. We make no warranties, in no event shall we, or our suppliers, be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on our website or apps.\
\

\f0\b Information Collection\

\f1\b0 Nothing is collected in the app. The only information the App uses is current location of the user and this is entirely optional. For details see the section below.
\f0\b \

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Location Information & Third-Party Data Processors\

\f1\b0 You may opt to grant the Weather app access to your current location to receive localized weather forecasts. This feature requires access to your device\'92s current location (\'93Location Information\'94). Your Location Information is passed directly to a weather provider, when you request weather data for your current location. The app uses well known OpenWeatherMap service to provide weather data. No intermediary servers used. The precision of Location Information is also reduced before being used in weather-related data requests to reduce the likelihood that any single request can be traced back to a specific user. For information regarding OpenWeatherMap data practices please refer to their privacy policies.\
\

\f0\b California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
\f1\b0 \
We comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.\
\

\f0\b Children\'92s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
\f1\b0 \
We never collect or maintain information in our app from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our app is structured to attract anyone under 13.\
\

\f0\b Information for European Union Customers
\f1\b0 \
By using our services and providing your information, you authorize us to collect, use, and store your information outside of the European Union.\
\

\f0\b International Transfers of Information
\f1\b0 \
Information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may be applicable to your data depending on where it is processed, stored, or used.\
\

\f0\b Contact Us\

\f1\b0 If you have questions about the policies described in this statement, please email us directly at supportweatherapp@gmail.com}